Requirement :

BR#1

-> Introduce new screen for Login.

-> Provide app name in the top:  

-> In the page body provide a form :

a) Form to contain  username label + text field for filling username

b) Form to contain  password label + text field for filling password

c) Form to contain Login button

-> For successfull login show message as "login success" , show in home page
-> For failure login show message as "login failure" , show in login page


Queries:
1.Please share the wireframe/mockup screen for the login page.

2.Should we show the message on the same screen or new screen?login success or login failure
Ans2. Login success should come in a new screen and login failure should come on same screen.

3.User name or password both or anyone are empty then what we should do?
Ans3.If user name is empty then this screen should show a pop up menu asking "please enter user name". This is a client's side validation.
If password is empty then this screen should show a pop up menu asking "please enter password". This is a client's side validation.


Terms:
1)Client's side validation (the check is done at client's side, but the call is not submittted to the back side eg: psw has to 8 digit, psw should not be empty, age can't be greater than 100, age should be a number, date of birth should be in numbers not alphabets, only syntax(use in proper format) related checks at client's side)
2)Server's side validation (validation will happens only after submitting the data to the backend eg: check if username is correct, check if psw is correct)

Test Cases:
1) Check for login success under valid credentials.(username correct, psw is correct)
2) Check for login faliure under invalid credentials.(username correct, psw is wrong)
3) Check for login faliure under invalid credentials.(username wrong, psw is wrong)
4) Check for pop msg if User name is empty.
5) Check for pop msg if password is empty
6) Check for pop msg if password & user name both are empty.

What is the testing common for all test cases:

1) Provide app name on the top
2) Form to contain username label + field for filling user name.
3) Form to contain psw label + field for filling psw.
4) Form to contain login button.


Queries)

1.What if the username is empty?
ans) please show the popup message "Please enter username"

2.What if the password is empty?
ans) please show the popup message "Please enter password"


BR1.1:
--------------
IF UN is correct and pwd is wrong for 5 times lock the account.

Queries)
1.what is the error mesage
once account is locked then show error message "Your account is locked.Please contact Admin."

2.should we also show message how many attempts are left over 
 - Not required.

There is a user with "Kumar" as loginname , "Kumar" as password:

case1:
1. enter "Kumar" + "Kumar1" --> invalid login
2. enter "Kumar" + "Kumar1" --> invalid login + update "attempts" column value to 2.
3. enter "Kumar" + "Kumar1" --> invalid login 
4. enter "Kumar" + "Kumar1" --> invalid login 
5. enter "Kumar" + "Kumar1" --> "your account is locked.Please conact admin"
6. enter "Kumar" + "Kumar" -->   "your account is locked.Please conact admin"

Refer class 9Test cases un and pwd.jfif


TestCases:
--------------
1.verify account locked with valid un + invalid pwd for 5 times
2.verify login failure for locked account with valid creds. [in 6th attempt]
3.verify login success in 5th attempt
4.verify account is not locked  with  invalid creds after above test case

BR#2
--please add a new page for registration.
--this new page should contain registration form.
--the form should contain
 -user name(login name),
- password, 
- confirm password.
- first name
- last name
- gender  (radio button, male, female, other)
- date of birth (dd/mm/yy)
- department (HR, recruitment and finance)(drop down)
- mobile number
- email
- register button 

Queries)
1.If registration is success which page do we navigate to?
ans) Login page with message  "Registration Success".

2.Any limitation of age
ans) yes , min 18 

3.Any limitation in the no for digits for mobile
ans) mobil no has to be exactly 10 digits, if not show popup message "mobile number has to exactly 10 digits"

4.Any limitation in the no of characters for 1st name and last name
ans) min 5 chars and max 15 chars

5)default value for gender
ans) By default  Male is selected

6)default value for department
ans) By default  HR is selected

7) Please provide a wireframe doc or mock screen for registration page

8) is the mno , email unique??? Yes

9) pattern for user name
  user name has to be minimum  5 characters and max 10 characters

10) pattern for password
 password has to be minimum  5 characters and max 10 characters
 
 
Client side validations
--------------------------------
-- all fields are madatory
   If any of the field is missing then display pop up msg.
-- password has to be minimum  5 characters and max 10 characters, pop up msg to display.
-- mobile number has to exactly 10 digits, display pop up if invalid.
-- email has to be a valid format, display pop up if invalid.
-- D.O.B has to be a valid format, display pop up if invalid. dd/mm/yyyy
-- after reg



Server side valdiations:
----------------------------------------------------
1. if the registration is success show "registration success" message on login  page. and 
verify user should able to login 
2.Login name have to be unique, if not display message on the 
registration page stating:
login name already in use.
3.Mobile number have to be unique, if not display message on the 
registraion page stating:
mobile number already in use.
4.Email id have to be unique, if not display message on the 
registration page stating:
email already in use.
5. if registration is success then use username and password on the login screen to login

(Refer BR#1)
BR#2 Test-cases:
----------
1.Popup msg to appear when username is empty
2.Popup msg to appear when password is empty
3.Popup msg to appear when confirm password  is empty
4.Popup msg to appear when FN is empty
5.Popup msg to appear when LN is empty
6.Popup msg to appear when DOB is empty
7.Popup msg to appear when MOBILE is empty
8.Popup msg to appear when email is empty
9.Popup msg to appear when pwd<5
10.Popup msg to appear when pwd>10
11.Popup msg to appear when pwd != confir pwd 
12.Popup msg to appear when mobil<10
13.Popup msg to appear when mobil>10
14.Popup msg to appear when mobil is a character 
15.Popup msg to appear when email invalid  format  
16.Verify Registration success with valid Data 
17.verify Registration failure with existing username 
18.verify Registration failure with existing mobile 
19.verify Registration failure with existing email  
20.verify login success with the registered use @ testcase#16


test case 1(screen content test)
verify registration page contain the expected feilds.

test case 2(screen behaviour)
verify the registration failed and pop up is displayed when user name is missing.

test case 3
verify the registratin failed and pop up is displayed when password is missing.

test case 4
verify the registratin failed and pop up is displayed when confirm password is missing.

test case 5
verify the registratin failed and pop up is displayed when first name is missing.

test case 6
verify the registratin failed and pop up is displayed when last name is missing.

test case 7
verify the registratin failed and pop up is displayed when date of birth is missing.

test case 8
verify the registratin failed and pop up is displayed when mobile number is missing.

test case 9
verify the registratin failed and pop up is displayed when email is missing.

test case 10
verify registration success with valid form details.

test case 11
verify the registration failed when password and confirm password are different and popup message is display

test case 12
verify the registration failed if password is more than 10 characters a pop up message has to be displayed.

test case 13
verify registration failed if password is less than 5 character a pop up message has to be displayed.

test case 14
verify registration failed if mobile number is more than 10 digits pop up message has to be displayed.

test case 15 
verify registration failed if mobile number is less than 10 digits pop up message has to be displayed.

test case 16
verify registration failed if email is invalid formate pop up message has to be displayed.

test case 17
verify registration failed if date of birth is invalid formate pop up message has to be displayed. 

18.verify Registration failure with existing username 
19.verify Registration failure with existing mobile number
20.verify Registration failure with existing email  id


