Roles and responsinilities:
---------------------------
Wrote test automation scripts in Selenium Web Driver using Java, JUnit and TestNG. 
Implemented Page Objects model (pom) , Apache POI in WebDriver Scripts, Data Driven , Keyword Driven and Hybrid Frameworks using   Selenium WebDriver , Junit , and Java .
Involved in working on a project where we implemented BDD (behavior Driven development), TDD (Test Driven development) using Cucumber framework with Java, JUnit and Page Object Model. 
Excellent experience with source version control tools such as Git, SourceTree.
Expertise in Selenium Automation using Selenium WebDriver, Selenium Grid, Java, JavaScript, Protractor, AnjularJS, Junit, ANT & TestNG.
Convert business requirements into Salesforce.com functional requirements 
Developed test code in Java language using Eclipse, IDE framework.
Responsible to maximize existing Salesforce applications and integrate them into an existing sales system. 
Used DataDriven Framework to get data from Excel using Apache POI. 
Implemented simulator for mobile app testing in IOS using Appium Tool. 
Configuring the Appium for the Mobile Android Native App using selenium. 
Designed Hybrid Appium Test automation framework, Page Object Model for Mobile application (Android/iOS apps). 
Follow and contribute to Agile/SCRUM activities (e.g. daily stand-ups, retrospectives, iteration planning, estimate/reporting, acceptance criteria definition).
Tested mapping for extracting, cleansing, transforming, integrating, and loading data using Informatica ETL Tool. 
Coordinated with developers and record defects in JIRA to track until they are resolved.
Prepared Test Cases and Test Plans for the ETL data movement developed through the Datastage tool. 
Used Protractor which is an End-to-End Framework testing for AngularJS Web Applications. 
Expertise in Selenium Automation using Selenium WebDriver, Selenium Grid, Java, JavaScript, Protractor, AnjularJS, Junit, ANT & TestNG.
Involved in design and Implementation of   Protractor   Testing for Angular js code base.
Used Soap UI and Restful services for testing Web Services and Protractor for testing Angular js.
Involved in issue tracking with the help Mercury Quality Center/ALM.
Entered issues, defects and enhancements into HP Quality Center ALM Repository.
Developed BDD tests using Cucumber by writing behavior and step definitions & developed required Selenium support code in JAVA for Cucumber. 
Gathered business process requirements and utilize SalesForce functionality to automate and achieve those objectives.
Documented Salesforce fundamentals and reporting for easy understanding and navigation for business users 
Worked on various Salesforce.com Standard objects like Accounts, Opportunities, Leads,  Campaign and Reports 
Used BDD cucumber framework to analyze the user-story and writing acceptance criteria.
Set up Jenkins, GIT, and Maven to work together and provide a smooth continuous integration.
Excellent experience with source version control tools such as Git, SourceTree.
Responsible for implementation of Keyword, DataDriven Frameworks, Page Object Model using Selenium WebDriver and Java. 
Involved in testing both SOAP and REST services using Rest Assured and tested both XML and JSON formats. 
Involved in testing of services using SOAP/REST services using SOAPUI, Groovy Script. 
Used Python for dynamically generating property list for every application. Automated data movements using python scripts. Creating core python API which will be using among all modules. 
Configured Maven for JAVA automation projects and developed Maven project object model (POM). 
Configuration of Maven and Jenkin for automatic build execution.



Prototyped web front-end to MDM
Design database using Erwin and Python/Django for DB scheme scripting
Design MDM integration facilities (SOA-style)
Develop SOAP client for testing MDM to SAP R/3 interoperation
Develop scheme- and data-level database testing tool
Develop data cleansing, retrieval, migration tools (ETL)
Analyzed client’s needs and developed software tools to assist dynamic site content creation (Python, wxPython)
Written MapReduce code in Java and Python
Writing Pig Latin scripts and Hive query language to process the data and also written UDF in Java and Python
Mainframe access profiles, using a series of algorithms created access profiles securing company mainframe system and allowing for auditing purposes and easier acclimation of new hires.
SQL Workflow System, using Python created an adapter allowing communication between SharePoint lists and SSIS packages. This system provides users the ability to create complex automation workflows
Familiarity in working with TCP/IP, IPv4, and IPv6 protocols in an environment, which provides multithreading, multitenancy and high availability support at Network Layer.
Managed, developed, and designed a dashboard control panel for customers and Administrators using Django, OracleDB, PostgreSQL, and VMWare API calls.
Excel Batch uploader, software that quickly uploads large batches of Excel Workbooks into our SQL Databases, while providing sanitizing and validation services
SQL Naming Conventions Enforcement, Using Python; Stored Procedures created a server job that enforces naming conventions for all SQL objects. Creating a more constant SQL environment
Developed remote integration with third party platforms by using RESTful web services and Successful implementation of Apache Spark and Spark Streaming applications for large scale data.
Creating data pipelines using Apache Spark, a big-data processing and computing framework and Updated and maintained Jenkins for automatic building jobs and deployment.
Client Search Engine, Using Python and XLWings package created an excel interface to search for client info through our databases
Integrated Opengrok into development environment for making source code visible across the organization.
Used Agile Methodology and SCRUM Process.



Developed application logic using Python, Java script, Java, C++
Used JMS for updating Mailing plans and tracking them.
Used Java Server Pages for content layout and presentation.
Created Data layer in MYSQL.
Extracted and loaded data using Python scripts and PL/SQL packages
Supported Java application for Media portal management.
Added Buy side and Sell side interfaces to route and receive orders over FIX as TCP/IP packets on a given port. Used FIX Simulator behind the scenes.
Migrated C and C++ tasks to Python. Generated SWIG interfaces for tasks that are good to be left in C++. Interacted with Python using SWIG interfaces.
Wrote python scripts to parse XML documents and load the data in database.
Generated property list for every application dynamically using python.
Creating unit test/regression test framework for working/new code
Debugging and testing of the applications & fine tuning performance. Provided maintenance support in production environment.
Developed exhaustive SQL Queries to find differences in datasets to find out whether rolled out software has fixed issues.
Developed scripts to migrate data from proprietary database to MySQL.
Followed Agile and Scrum Methodologies. Used Jira and other proprietary ticketing systems.


Worked with the Stakeholders, gathered requirements developed High level design Detail design documents.
Developed UI using HTML, AJAX, JavaScript and jQuery and jQueryUI.
Re-engineered various modules for implementing changes and creating efficient system.
Developed rich UI web application using JavaScript libraries like jQueryUI, data grid, jscolor, high charts.
Designed and developed components using Python. Implemented code in python to retrieve and manipulate data.
Implemented database access using Django ORM.
Used MySQL as backend database and MySQL dB of python as database connector to interact with MySQL server.
Used Restful APIs to access data from different suppliers.
Support the scripts configuration, testing, execution, deployment and run monitoring and metering.
Used Python and Django creating graphics, XML processing of documents, data exchange and business logic implementation between servers.
Used Restful API's to gather network traffic data from Servers.
Supported Apache Tomcat web server on Linux Platform.
Developed and executed User Acceptance Testing portion of test plan.
Debugging Software for Bugs


