7+ years of experience as a Python Developer, pro cient coder in multiple languages and environments including Python, C, C++, JavaScript and SQL.
Worked on several standard python packages like Numpy, Pickle, PySide, Scipy, wxPython, PyTables etc.
Driven to architect Big Data solutions on multiple platforms using data analytics.
Developed various Python scripts to generate reports, send FIX messages (FIX Simulator), SOAP requests, TCP/IP programming and multiprocessing jobs.
Good experience in developing web applications and implementing Model View Control (MVC) architecture using server side applications like Django, Flask and Pyramid.
Experience in working on BDPaaS (Big Data Platform as a Service).
Expertise in working with different databases like Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL and Good knowledge in using NoSQL databases MongoDB
Proficient in developing complex SQL queries, Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages along with performing DDL and DML operations on the database.
Hands on Experience in Data mining and Data warehousing using ETL Tools and Proficient in Building reports and dashboards in Pentaho (BI Tool).
Excellent working knowledge in UNIX and Linux shell environments using command line utilities.
Application Stress tester, created and stress tested stand - alone, web-applications and generated graph reports.
Attentive to cyber security and data protection.
Motivated, proactive, innovative problem solver with excellent analytical, organizational, interpersonal, communication and written skills. Excellent team player, quick learner, keens to learn and implement new IT technologies.
Strong knowledge of Data Structures and Algorithms, Object Oriented Analysis, machine learning and software design patterns.
Expertized in Implementing Spark using Scala and SparkSQL for faster testing and processing of data and Experience in NoSQL databases such as HBase and Cassandra.
Hands on experience with Spark-Scala programming with good knowledge on Spark Architecture and its In-memory Processing and Experience with Unit testing/ Test driven Development (TDD), Load Testing.
Hands on experience working in WAMP (Windows, Apache, MYSQL, and Python/PHP) and LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, and Python/PHP) Architecture.
Expertise in Production support. Provided first, second and third level support to different organizations. Used pdb, gdb and other debugging tools and deployed production hot fixes.
Knowledge of deployment tools using Heroku, Jenkins, pylint, cppCheck and Coverity.
Expert at version control systems like Git, GitHub, svn and cvs. Migrated repos from svn to GitHub.
Experience with Agile, Scrum and Waterfall methodologies. Used ticketing systems like Jira, Bugzilla and other proprietary tools.
Familiarity with development best practices such as code reviews, unit testing, system integration testing (SIT) and user acceptance testing(UAT).
Highly motivated, quality minded developer, with proven ability to deliver applications against tight deadlines.
Possess good interpersonal, analytical presentation Skills, ability to work in Self-managed and Team environments.
Performed code reviews and implemented best Pythonic programming practices
Experience in writing test scripts, test cases, test specifications and test coverage.
Good experience in handling errors/exceptions and debugging the issues in large scale applications.



• Knowledge of software development and testing cycles and processes.
• Understanding of OOP principles
• Understanding project management principles, techniques and tools
• Experience in Testcase, Usecase and Requirements management.
• Experience in Functional, Smoke, GUI and Regression testing.
• Knowledge of Java, Python, SQL; basic knowledge of Bash.
• Developing functional tests with Selenium, Serenity, Selenide; BDD with JBehave
• Experience in testing web services with REST Assured, SoapUI, JAXB
• Experience in configuring CI for running autotests
• Experience in using PostgreSQL and MySQL with JDBC
• Experience with basic tools such as bug tracking systems (YouTrack, Jira, PLM), test
case management software (TestRail, TestLink), VCS (Git, Perforce), code review tools
(Gerrit, GitLab, GitHub), CI system(TeamCity, Jenkins)